# Software Debouncing
This part of this lab required a very simple task to be done, but not in the simplest way possible. It is extremely easy to blink an LED with a button, however since the easiest way to perform this relies on the mechanical button, there are errors possible. When you press a button rapidly or slowly with a simple button blink program, there will quickly be noticeable moments where the light blinks one too many or not enough times due to the button not being capable of knowing exactly what you wished. The concept of debouncing uses timers and interrupts to avoid these LED errors and blink the LED the exact number of times as intended.

# MSP430G2553
To begin this program the button pin, LED pin, and timer module all had to be initialized before writing vectors for the interrupt and timer. The LED at P1.0 had to be set to an output. The button at P1.3 had to have a resistor enabled, state initialized, interrupt enabled, and hi to lo behavior enabled on the button's interrupt. The timer had to have the CCR0 interrupt enabled, a frequency set, SMCLK selected, and STOP mode on the TA0CTL register selected to begin. Interrupts then had to be set up for both the button and timer. Once the button is pressed, the interrupt toggles the state of the LED, disables the interrupt, and resets the timer to UP mode. When the timer interrupt is ticked, it goes back to stop mode, the interrupt is reenabled, and the interrupt flag is disabled.

# MSP432P401R
Enabling this code on the MSP432 had a few differences from the MSP430G2553. In initialization, the board's button pin is at P1.1 instead of P1.3. Port J also has to be initialized on this board. The terminolgoy for activating the board's port 1 interrupt is different as can be seen in the codes.
